You won't give up.
How can I still wake up?
Drunk body weight
double
Brother Yang's strength is really recovering
And it's still breaking through
He must die
You tried to kill me?
I want you to die
You must die
That's it.
Then I'll give you a word. Murderers still hurt murderers
Just because you want to kill me
Abandoned sea damage
Use a little less cultivation
Why did you kill me?
Brother Yang, you poop out of prison
Now push him
avoid his edge
I seek him to avoid my edge and seek death
Uh-huh.
Ah!
My legs! Don't kill me!
I must be the number one expert in the former world
You killed me.
You can't get out of anyone's house
Can't go out
Then I'll kill it
Don't don't don't don't
Zixuan, I will take you to kill him
Cheng Zu Qianjin is my friend
He can help me